rewrite of where Appraisal policies originate from (#338)
ietf-rats-wg/architecture: draft-ietf-rats-architecture.md

by applying an Appraisal Policy for Evidence to assess the trustworthiness of the Attester.
This procedure is called the appraisal of Evidence.
Subsequently, the Verifier generates Attestation Results for use by Relying Parties.

> The Appraisal Policy for Evidence might be obtained from the Verifier Owner via some protocol mechanism

Author: ```suggestion
The Appraisal Policy for Evidence might be obtained from the Verifier Owner via some protocol mechanism,
```

> and/or is configured into the Verifier by the Verifier Owner,

Reviewer: "configured into" is one way of obtaining it, so 379-380 are redundant

> The Appraisal Policy for Evidence might be obtained from the Verifier Owner,
> and/or is configured into the Verifier by the Verifier Owner,

Author: ```suggestion
The Appraisal Policy for Evidence might be obtained from the Verifier Owner via some protocol mechanism
and/or is configured into the Verifier by the Verifier Owner,
```

> or is configured into the Verifier by the Verifier Owner,
> or is programmed into the Verifier,

Author: ```suggestion
or might be configured into the Verifier by the Verifier Owner,
or might be programmed into the Verifier,
```

> and/or might be obtained via some other mechanism.

Reviewer 2: So, if I choose "and" at every decision-point, is that statement still true?

Reviewer: I think just "or" would be better, to Henk's point.

> and/or is configured into the Verifier by the Verifier Owner,
> and/or is programmed into the Verifier,
> and/or might be obtained via some other mechanism.

Author: ```suggestion
or is configured into the Verifier by the Verifier Owner,
or is programmed into the Verifier,
or might be obtained via some other mechanism.
```

A Relying Party uses Attestation Results by applying its own
appraisal policy to make application-specific decisions, such as authorization decisions.
This procedure is called the appraisal of Attestation Results.

The Appraisal Policy for Attestation Results might be obtained from the Relying Party Owner,
and/or is configured into the Relying Party by the Relying Party Owner,
and/or is programmed into the Relying Party,

> and/or might be obtained via some other mechanism.

Reviewer 2: Same as above

> The Appraisal Policy for Attestation Results might be obtained from the Relying Party Owner,
> and/or is configured into the Relying Party by the Relying Party Owner,
> and/or is programmed into the Relying Party,
> and/or might be obtained via some other mechanism.

Author: ```suggestion
The Appraisal Policy for Attestation Results might be obtained from the Relying Party Owner via some protocol mechanism,
or might be configured into the Relying Party by the Relying Party Owner,
or might be programmed into the Relying Party,
or might be obtained via some other mechanism.
```
